Add Audit Trail : Rate Limits Tracker dashboard (#13)
DataDog/effective-dashboards: dashboards/datadog_audit_trail_rate_limits_tracker/README.md

# Audit Trail : Rate Limits Tracker

> Overview of Datadog rate limits being experienced by end-users

Reviewer: Can we add some more information. Maybe links to documentation around API rate limits?

![Dashboard Preview #1](./img/screenshot1.jpg)
![Dashboard Preview #2](./img/screenshot2.jpg)

# How to use the dashboard

> Helps w/ requesting API limits bumps by determining which exact endpoint.s end-users are experiencing throttling with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information on this dashboard can be used to help when requesting API limits bumps by determining which exact endpoints end-users are experiencing throttling with.
```
